c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface.pdb
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.Interface.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.Sql.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.pdb
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.Interface.pdb
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.Sql.pdb
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.Sql.dll.config
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\obj\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\obj\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface.pdb
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\obj\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface.dll.config
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
