c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests.pdb
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.Sql.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.pdb
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.dll.config
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface.pdb
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.Sql.pdb
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.Sql.dll.config
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\obj\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\obj\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\obj\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests.pdb
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.Interface.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.pdb
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.Interface.pdb
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.pdb
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface.dll.config
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.dll.config
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\pavithra.s\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe.config
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.rsp
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.exe
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.rsp
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.rsp
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests.dll.config
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests.pdb
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.Interface.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.Sql.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.pdb
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.dll.config
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface.pdb
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.Interface.dll.config
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.Interface.pdb
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.Sql.pdb
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.Sql.dll.config
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Dal.pdb
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.pdb
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\bin\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Service.Oas.dll.config
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\obj\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\obj\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests.dll
E:\NewAppointmentRepo\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests\obj\Debug\NewHealthgrades.Oas.Webapi.Oas.Tests.pdb
